305 Team Meeting #4 Agenda - 3:00PM Monday February 2nd, 2026


Meeting Objectives:
* Reflect on Assignment 1
* Next steps on the project
* Clarify other questions regarding Github and this week’s modules


Group Assignment 1: Submitted yay!


Project:
* What are the next (first) steps?
   * Would be great to get a bit of an overview of what each step of the project looks like and make a rough timeline of what we have to do and when


GitHub:
* Linked to R and downloaded 305 repo - what to do now?
* Do we make a new repo for the project?
   * If so, how do we do this?
      * Yes - call whatever we want
      * Share with group + TA
   * How do you import the datasets into a new repo?        
      * Probably don’t need to upload raw data - just link
   * How to add collaborators
      * For meeting agenda/notes, do we just upload them there from now on or should we also email?
         * Upload as file to Github (txt, pdf, word doc, etc)


This week’s modules:
* Do we need to picrust? Could we just do this in R?
   * No need to picrust




































Meeting Minutes: 


* Github desktop 
* Could put a PDF to github


To do: 
First three papers- new summary 
No truncation moving forward? 
Overrarifying data affects downstream reading– rarify less?
Look at the depths other papers chose to do.